add support for session rotation (#315)
divviup/divviup-api: README.md

* `API_URL` -- The public-facing base url for this application
* `AUTH_CLIENT_ID` -- Auth0-provided client id (see [auth0 config section](#auth0))
* `AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` -- Auth0-provided client secret (see [auth0 config section](#auth0))

> * `SESSION_SECRETS` -- Comma-joined url-safe-no-pad base64'ed
>   cryptographically-randomly secrets that each at least 32 bytes long
>   after base64. The first one will be used for new sessions.

Reviewer: nits:
```suggestion
* `SESSION_SECRETS` -- Comma-joined base64url-encoded, without padding,
  cryptographically-randomly secrets that are each at least 32 bytes long
  after base64url decoding. The first one will be used for new sessions.
```
